docs/ch-2-people-of-mote/organizations/the-commune/members/ellie-zap.md, before:

# Ellie Zap

**Ellie Zap** is a wolf-person from the Feywild.

<figure>
  <img src="ellie-zap-cleric-5-rccolx.jpeg" width="300" alt="Pencil drawing of a wolf person with rows of long sharp teeth and a dark stripe forming a crest on his head and neck. He has two feathery-but-metallic wings labeled as fake, claws on his hands, and two tails, one bushy like that of a wolf, the other skinny like that of a feline. He's wearing a long-sleeved shirt with a heart on the chest and a Jolly Roger on the abdomen, and pants with a similar divide of imagery, with hearts running down his right leg and skulls with crossbones down the left. His feet are bare, exposing wolf-like paws." />
  <figcaption>Ellie Zap - Cleric 5 by RCColx</figcaption>
</figure>

## Information

### Mental

- pronouns: he/him/she/her (genderfluid)

### Physical

- species: wolf-person
- age: 12
- height: 5'6"
- weight: 39 lb.
- eyes: hazel (turn yellow when angry)
- hair: gray, red, and black fur

## History

### Childhood

Ellie was abandoned by her wolf family in the forest, but was taken in by a family of Tabaxi. His wolf kin occasionally would return to visit, but he ultimately embraced his new Tabaxi family and their way of life. The relationship was further strained when she discovered that the wolves planned an attack against the Tabaxi she now called family, but the catfolk were able to push them out of the wood and banish them.

## Abilities

An innate connection to her wolf family allows her to identify kin by scent.

Commit message:

added Commune party member pages
- added Commune party member pages
  - Commune pages all include at least name, pronouns, species, and class

docs/ch-2-people-of-mote/organizations/the-commune/members/ellie-zap.md, after:

# Ellie Zap

**Ellie Zap** is a wolf-person from the Feywild.

<figure>
  <img src="ellie-zap-cleric-5-rccolx.jpeg" width="300" alt="Pencil drawing of a wolf person with rows of long sharp teeth and a dark stripe forming a crest on his head and neck. He has two feathery-but-metallic wings labeled as fake, claws on his hands, and two tails, one bushy like that of a wolf, the other skinny like that of a feline. He's wearing a long-sleeved shirt with a heart on the chest and a Jolly Roger on the abdomen, and pants with a similar divide of imagery, with hearts running down his right leg and skulls with crossbones down the left. His feet are bare, exposing wolf-like paws." />
  <figcaption>Ellie Zap - Cleric 5 by RCColx</figcaption>
</figure>

## Information

### Mental

- pronouns: he/him/she/her (genderfluid)
- languages: Celestial, Common, Draconic, Primordial

### Physical

- species: tabaxi
- class: Cleric (Twilight Domain)
- age: 12
- height: 5'6"
- weight: 39 lb.
- eyes: hazel (turn yellow when angry)
- hair: gray, red, and black fur

## History

### Childhood

Ellie was abandoned by her wolf family in the forest, but was taken in by a tabaxi family. His wolf kin occasionally would return to visit, but he ultimately embraced his new Tabaxi family and their way of life. The relationship was further strained when she discovered that the wolves planned an attack against the Tabaxi she now called family, but the catfolk were able to push them out of the wood and banish them.

## Abilities

An innate connection to her wolf family allows her to identify kin by scent.
